how to burn point on a dvd
first you will download the
parents
then download the iso from the
ubuntu also has the virgin dvd in its
House
come on put the virgin dvd in the player
and close open the power iso application
select record images you go
seek iso ubuntu
you will click on your recent my case
the image is on the desktop, I'm going
select it here is where you do not edit
the speed you put the minimum
possible in my case 6
now just click on record and wait
this is so I know percent already recording
successful ended the dvd is already
ready to use did not last more than
three minutes to record is now just
You boot the dvd.
anyone who wants to install installs
I recommend testing it only because it has this
option for you could have used turbay
and but I found it better to stop the iso through
fact of being fast and practical as you
they saw
Thank you, it's just that, see you later.